## Stand up meeting Sprint 4
- [ ] Merging Gabrial's code
- [ ] Discuss the new features that Derrin wanted implemented
- [ ] Discuss what will be our user accepted stories 
- [ ] What do we need for sprint 4
- [ ] What are we behind ?
- [ ] Derrin wants a small video to be sent to Janus (Our other client) needs to be 1min.
- [ ] Merge all working code to master. Create "Development" branch, this will be used as our way of gluing 


Additional :

- Hows the testing going?
- Hows the UI going?
- Hows the Backend going?
- Any other information anyone needs



