# Sprint 2 Meeting 3

## Date: 1 April 2022

## Time: 17:00

## Location : Online, Discord

## In Attendance
Abigail Naicker, Akshay Makhan, Harshan Pillay, Navin Philip, Seshnie Naidoo, James Thackeray, Gabriel Nkole, Tasneem Francisco, Que Sera Subramoney

## Agenda

* We can make a plug-in for Rogo (Make a Decision if we want to)
* Client's comment on acceptance for requirements
  * Need to have code classes and abstract calsses to import and export QTi's
  * We did it in a way to show him that it works locally
  * Database needs to be flexible and centralized
  * Tracking: we can push to sprint 3 & 4
* Flow of importing questions to database
* Component Diagrams
* By tuesday: want diagrams for creating and have database ready for implentation
