# Sprint Planning Meeting Minutes

# Date: 10 May 2022
# Time: 10:00
# Location: Online, Discord

# In Attendance
Abigail Naicker, Akshay Makhan, Harshan Pillay, Navin Philip, Seshnie Naidoo, James Thackeray, Gabriel Nkole, Tasneem Francisco, Que Sera Subramoney

# Agenda

* Need to focus on:
  * Getting a minimum viable product
  * Changing database to mySQL
  * Fully creating a full pipeline for creating the different type of questions

* Add a feature:
  * Peer review (rating)
  *   * Adding like/dislike buttons or comment text boxes (choose which one is easier)  

* James and Seshnie change of database
* Rest of backend focusing on creating the complete pipeline structure 
* Rest of UI focus on the polishing of current UI and creating review feature, and document everything for traceable (User-stories, tests, etc.)
